Add warning error when camera permission missing (#2590)
beeware/toga: changes/2589.bugfix.rst

> App now warns / errors if camera permission is requested but required metadata is not added to pyproject.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, apps will now raise a warning if camera permissions have been requested, but those permissions have not been declared as part of the application metadata.
```
